DRAIOS, INC. – OPEN SOURCE CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT FOR UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT CONTRIBUTING ENTITIES (“Agreement”)

Draios, Inc. (“Draios” or “Sysdig”) welcomes the work of others on our open source software projects.  To contribute code back to our repositories, we require a contributing entity that is a United States Government agency to complete, and agree to, the Government Contributor Agreement (GCA) set forth here, by and through a designated authorized representative. This agreement clarifies the ability for us to use and incorporate the contributions of a government contributing entity in our projects and products. After agreeing to these terms, a contributing entity may contribute to our projects. To indicate the agreement of the contributing entity, an authorized representative shall follow the procedure set forth below under TO AGREE, after reading this Agreement. A “contributing entity” means any agency or unit of the United States government. We provide a separate CLA for individual contributors. 

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your present and future Contributions that are submitted to Draios/Sysdig.

1. Definitions.  "You" (or "Your") shall mean the contributing entity that has authored or otherwise has the right to contribute the Contribution, and that is making this Agreement with Draios/Sysdig. "Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You to Draios/Sysdig for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by Draios/Sysdig (the "Work"). For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to Draios/Sysdig or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, Draios/Sysdig for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution."

2. Contributions Not Subject to Copyright. Each Contribution is a work authored by the United States Government or an employee or officer thereof and is not subject to copyright under 17 U.S.C. 105.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to Draios/Sysdig and to recipients of software distributed by Draios/Sysdig a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims that You have the right to license and that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity other than Draios/Sysdig institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

4. You represent to Draios/Sysdig that You own or have the right to contribute Your Contributions to Draios/Sysdig, and that You are legally entitled to grant the license set forth above.

5. You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation (see section 7 for submissions on behalf of others). You represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which You are personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your Contributions. You represent that Your sign-off indicating assent to this Agreement includes the real name of a natural person who is an authorized representative of You, and not a pseudonym, and that You are not attempting or making an anonymous Contribution.

6. You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions to Draios/Sysdig on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON- INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. If You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You may submit it to Draios/Sysdig separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which You are aware, and conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]".

8. You agree to notify Draios/Sysdig of any facts or circumstances of which you become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any respect.

9. You understand and agree that this project and Your Contribution are public and that a record of the contribution, including all personal information that You submit with it, including the sign-off of Your authorized representative, may be stored by Draios/Sysdig indefinitely and may be redistributed to others. You understand and agree that Draios/Sysdig has no obligation to use any Contribution in any Draios/Sysdig project or product, and Draios/Sysdig may decline to accept Your Contributions or Draios/Sysdig may remove Your Contributions from Draios/Sysdig projects or products at any time without notice. You understand and agree that Draios/Sysdig is not and will not pay You any form of compensation, in currency, equity or otherwise, in exchange for Your Contributions or for Your assent to this Agreement. You understand and agree that You are independent of Draios/Sysdig and You are not, by entering into this Agreement or providing Your Contributions, becoming employed, hired as an independent contractor, or forming any other relationship with Draios/Sysdig relating to employment, compensation or ownership or involving any fiduciary obligation.

TO AGREE:
Add the following lines to every GIT commit message:

sysdig-CLA-1.0-contributing-govt-entity: Full Legal Name of Entity
sysdig-CLA-1.0-signed-off-by: Joe Smith joe.smith@email.com
This file is a work of authorship of an employee or officer of the United States Government and is not subject to copyright in the United States under 17 USC 105.

Use a real name of a natural person who is an authorized representative of the contributing entity; pseudonyms or anonymous contributions are not allowed.

