DRAIOS, INC. – OPEN SOURCE CONTRIBUTION LICENSE AGREEMENT (“Agreement”)

Draios, Inc. dba Sysdig (“Draios” or “Sysdig”) welcomes you to work on our open source software projects. In order to clarify the intellectual property license granted with Contributions from any person or entity, you must agree to the license terms below in order to contribute code back to our repositories. This license is for your protection as a Contributor as well as the protection of Sysdig; it does not change your rights to use your own Contributions for any other purpose. To indicate your Agreement, follow the procedure set forth below under TO AGREE, after reading this Agreement.

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your present and future Contributions submitted to Draios/Sysdig. Except for the license granted herein to Draios/Sysdig and recipients of software distributed by Draios/Sysdig, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to Your Contributions.

1. Definitions.  "You" (or "Your") shall mean the individual natural person and copyright owner who is making this Agreement with Draios/Sysdig. “You” excludes legal entities such as corporations, and Draios/Sysdig provides a separate CLA for corporations or other entities. "Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You to Draios/Sysdig for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by Draios/Sysdig (the "Work"). For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to Draios/Sysdig or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, Draios/Sysdig for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution."

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to Draios/Sysdig and to recipients of software distributed by Draios/Sysdig a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative works.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to Draios/Sysdig and to recipients of software distributed by Draios/Sysdig a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims that You have the right to license and that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity other than Draios/Sysdig institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

4. You represent to Draios/Sysdig that You are legally entitled to grant the licenses set forth above.

5. You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation unless you act according to section 7 below. You represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which You are personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your Contributions. You represent that Your sign-off indicating assent to this Agreement includes your real name and not a pseudonym, and that you shall not attempt or make an anonymous Contribution.

6. You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions to Draios/Sysdig on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON- INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. If You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You may submit it to Draios/Sysdig separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which you are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]".

8. You agree to notify Draios/Sysdig of any facts or circumstances of which you become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any respect.

9. You understand and agree that this project and Your Contribution are public and that a record of the contribution, including all personal information that I submit with it, including my sign-off, may be stored by Draios/Sysdig indefinitely and may be redistributed to others. You understand and agree that Draios/Sysdig has no obligation to use any Contribution in any Draios/Sysdig project or product, and Draios/Sysdig may decline to accept Your Contributions or Draios/Sysdig may remove Your Contributions from Draios/Sysdig projects or products at any time without notice. You understand and agree that Draios/Sysdig is not and will not pay you any form of compensation, in currency, equity or otherwise, in exchange for Your Contributions or for Your assent to this Agreement. You understand and agree that you are independent of Draios/Sysdig and you are not, by entering into this Agreement or providing Your Contributions, becoming employed, hired as an independent contractor, or forming any other relationship with Draios/Sysdig relating to employment, compensation or ownership or involving any fiduciary obligation.

TO AGREE:
Add the following line to every GIT commit message:

sysdig-CLA-1.0-signed-off-by: Joe Smith <joe.smith@email.com>

Use your real name; pseudonyms or anonymous contributions are not allowed.